came from my mother 's wind is not
because I was born here so I was already born
before peace santista more santista voice
Santos then had not much choice
the first game I came from the saints is
A very sad game this is a game
terrible that he was fired by the
So I do not remember the game.
so I came in maybe the most
sad story of my Samson
arrival
if you come the saddest day everything
it seems easy to reach the exit of the pelé
greatest player of all time is
leaving your team and such
yet you continue Santos
because it's strong love but the after
a 1 saints is very good tone and zinho was
It was a difficult phase but then I came back
very affect the village and 78 né
I would take the bus home and here
How old was I to go every week?
I came to be there potato juary joão
paulo vítor true boyish Nelson
Grandson gilberto smile the dollar around
de pirita then potato juary joão paulo
had to play very beautiful is the 4 3 3
Look, I think it's up to today.
more beautiful in soccer so outline
speed goals beauty right and then I
He came here a lot for those 14 years.
When I said football was such a thing.
linda the santos scored fantastic
is
He has a mystical thing, right?
the biggest team in the world has one thing
very friendly here is a middle town
so for example
geovane went to do a test in são paulo
in the palm trees
and that city returned to Bethlehem in a
barely even tested on palm trees
they are here in saints and it was not
threatened then and is a city less
oppressive beach and has worked there I
that helps a lot is more middle age
It's not necessary like the big capitals and
tradition has a tradition that is
of the saints to have their
boys since the time of Alberto and
pecnik and r 50
our second title 55 has already been
35-year-old girls remember I do not think
but 55 was is a kids and there was
even because these first boys
prevailing taking care of the new boys
I have this genetic transmission
I do not know, but it's a culture that has to
take care of the new ones and get the other
and this gives a certain
is forced so given by the number of
goals proficiency beauty by the vocation of
né attack
so forcing to use but is to compare
even younger than that team he has a
mythical dimension he is above the good
and evil, he's an ideal thing
the largest team of all
times that will never be exceeded and such
who has the greatest player of all time
and the various coadjuvantes more tip
left of all time, right?
the best forward of the season for
less or continuous to was confused by
skin
so I guess I do not think that if you
to think well is the matchless team
serves as a parameter is already doing
You can always compare this.
But but I do not think so.
ends up being the real team know is no longer a
team that happened the fact is already a
Little legend such then turned something else
them those five guys, huh?
it is better for the pt that they are a verse
alexandrino in tense I see 12 syllables or
environmental
they are already a dream team
I think I have to think if they stay
with the wool back I still think he
can reach his team as of 2000 and 2004
is that relationship can sometimes be
equalize this group and can even pass
should be longer I think they
It can even be more important than
Robinho's class and diego
Last year I was quite
especially in the first half
calculates that I was in pacaembu street 10 a
1 in that reasonable turn is propaganda and
it turns out to reason of several thrashes
When I saw, I got that team.
Robinho came back and I would watch it all
also danced optimistic to have efforts of the
because I've never been in these 47 years
to participate more to vote may
influence also
- only criticizes so journalist can not
rain does not have to involve one letter
I left then I wanted only this way to
participate to be part I think it is
cool soccer, this is it
replaced the participation in the
politics with truth is one thing
terrible that the next day care
days and only one more
You participate in the guy today
cimed he participates more than
club than in community life
which is not good but I fit the nation
I 'm a normal guy, me too.
I participate more in club life at the end of
community